Add the search and filter component (#3612)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/search-and-filter.md

This pattern requires JavaScript to provide the full functionality.

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/patterns/search-and-filter/default/" class="js-example">
View example of the pull quote pattern
</a></div>

### Functionality

Please use toggle the `aria-hidden` attribute on the `.p-search-and-filter__panel` element when you want to reveal the filter panel. When a user makes a selection you can append a [chip element](/docs/patterns/chip) to the `.search-and-filter__search-container` element.

### Import

To import just this component into your project, copy the snippet below and include it in your main Sass file.

```scss
@import '../base';
@include vf-base;

@import '../patterns_chip';
@import '../patterns_search-box';
@import '../patterns_search-and-filter';
@import '../utilities_off-screen';
@include vf-p-chip;
@include vf-p-search-box;
@include vf-p-search-and-filter;
@include vf-u-off-screen;
```

For more information see [Customising Vanilla](/docs/customising-vanilla/) in your projects, which includes overrides and importing instructions.

### React

> For use of the React component you can do that by installing our react-component page and importing via:

Reviewer: I agree that linking to React docs is good and we should do it in other places too, but keeping a snippet of react code in the docs may quickly become hard to maintain. We are not going to know if anything here needs to be updated.

Author: Your right, edited.

View example of the search and filter with search prompt pattern
</a></div>

#### Functionality

<div class="p-notification--information">
  <p class="p-notification__response" role="status">You will have to handle filtering the available chips yourself by removing or hiding chips that do not match. Unfortunately that is out of scope for this example but this can be handled for you by the <a href="#react">React component</a>.</p>
</div>

## Import

To import just this component into your project, copy the snippet below and include it in your main Sass file.

```scss
@import '../base';
@include vf-base;

@import '../patterns_chip';
@import '../patterns_search-box';
@import '../patterns_search-and-filter';
@import '../utilities_off-screen';
@include vf-p-chip;
@include vf-p-search-box;
@include vf-p-search-and-filter;
@include vf-u-off-screen;
```

For more information see [Customising Vanilla](/docs/customising-vanilla/) in your projects, which includes overrides and importing instructions.

## React

For use of the React component you can do that by installing our react-component page and importing.

> [Playbook example](https://canonical-web-and-design.github.io/react-components/?path=/docs/search-and-filter--default-story)

Reviewer: Did you mean "Storybook" instead of playbook? Also, I'm not sure if it's useful to call it by the name of the documentation tool. Maybe something like "See the React documentation for SearchAndFilter component"?

```suggestion
[See the documentation for our React `SearchAndFilter` component](https://canonical-web-and-design.github.io/react-components/?path=/docs/search-and-filter--default-story)
```
